expand gas and allowance explanations (#1503)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/isc/v1.0.0-rc.6/docs/explanations/invocation.md

## Allowance

> An allowance is a security feature within ERC20 token contracts that controls how much one address can spend on behalf

Reviewer: Doesn't this make it sound like it is only related to ERC20. There is no connection in this text from ERC20 allowance to "our" allowance 🤔

Author: How about?
```suggestion
An allowance is a feature within smart contracts that controls how much one address can spend on behalf
```

Reviewer: Yeah that works I think
